[Music]
There's a video that a youtuber uploaded,
quite curious,
quite [
Music]
quite [ __ ] up, quite strong, quite strong,
okay, I'm
going to, I'm going to share it with you now,
okay, but the video is quite strong,
okay,
Javi, they're saying that you've been
mentioned on Sálvame,
no, they're not saying that they
mentioned me on Sálvame, they're saying that
I'm Sálvame material, that's what they've said,
everything that comes from Albert, you never
agree. Oh, really, how lazy
Peter Pan. Really. Go to Albert's Channel
and watch it. Girl, he uploaded an
interview and I have an opinion on the interview,
girl, really, what an idiot. This guy:
Belén Rueda has removed
Esteban Borrego Matamoros and Gema from her networks. Hahaha.
How sad,
how sad. Seriously, how regrettable. Well,
listen to me, family. I
have to show you something
that seems tremendous to me. Okay, it's a video
that a youtuber uploaded, okay, look at the
thumbnail, okay. Look at the thumbnail and the
video is called exclusive. Pedro Carrasco
told me he hit my girl
exclusively with Juan.  [ __ ] okay this
man is a bullfighter I don't remember Right now
what's his name Are you going to put it
in the chat please Oh I looked yesterday he was a
bullfighter what's this man's name
what's this man's name what's this man's
name
no no but the
statements of this man are going to surprise you I mean
you're going to be surprised by the
statements of this man
I am what I am about Palma it was I am what I am about
Palma or I am what I am about Toledo I don't remember he
is a bullfighter he is a bullfighter okay Listen to
what the man says okay
so if he told you something good well
Carrasco precisely now I'm going to
ask you that Pedro Carrasco was telling you
about Antonio David no it's not he didn't comment on it he did
n't
comment on it you said [ __ ] this the
[ __ ] this one was
telling you here the [ __ ] When they were
still referring to the [ __ ] [ __ ] this one
then if he told you something good now
but that it didn't increase he didn't comment on anything
another name
I remember
many years ago of course
and Rocío Well previously but I was a
bit dislocated
man anyway see you a hug what was it
going to be like after
fantas I am what I am about Santa Fe
de mamila or at the Morrison in  the Gran
Vía in Madrid is still in Madrid The Gran
Vía because I
call us a lot and then well and
sometimes I see fear that I'm going to pay a
couple of slaps that he hit
the girl is said the girl let's
see if I see the [ __ ] let's see if I see the
[ __ ] that I'm going to hit a couple of
slaps because he hit
the girl
if he talks like that about Antonio David
next time save me totally eh
he's a risky one who wants the
limelight but totally I mean I don't
understand how this man this
testimony has not been carried eh
Pedro Carrasco I was telling you that Antonio
David had hit the girl what the
[ __ ] this guy has hit the
villa so what now but I don't what
you tell me I tell you clearly See
how clearly
Carrasco was telling you the [ __ ] this guy has
hit the girl and he was and
we were walking around to see and
mine and he was walking around a few times to see if he
saw him I was walking around there I
would have seen him well 10 days I think I would
have  well put what
the [ __ ]
I don't believe it I knew Raquel
Mosquera It's true carmenchu ​​It's true I
totally agree it's going to take them a
while to find him on Sálvame
damn as soon as they see this video they're
going to see it and they're going to call the bullfighter eh you
bet something dude
you bet something that good This video and they
call this man for Sálvame I
was looking for him in Madrid
and no he didn't get to see him and it was better and it was
better he says or so you're supposed to be
saying that a guy hits his
girlfriend that it was better that it was better
that you didn't find him or not that he caught
no I mean yes yes what you're saying is true that he would have
caught no
that he wouldn't have it was better that he didn't
see it already cold already something else but what I'm
telling you that Pedro Carrasco
that is as a person he was wonderful
besides he was humble which is the most beautiful thing which is
what I have mentioned before
my goodness man my goodness it is that those are
things that even if it's true that Pedro
Carrasco would have only said they are things
that are very risky  say it there in a
in a medium eh fixed this other eminence
for sálvame no no no no no this nothing
that those of sálvame see it, I mean, it has been
lent to the YouTube channel it has been
lent to the YouTube channel
but this nothing that they see it in sálvame
this video was more that they find this they are
going to call him
what happens is that they are no longer in
time because it ends today no
and the banks stop us feeling with their
heads let's see but well let's see it is not his
fault for what I am telling the
other one no the most beautiful thing in this life be
humble and Pedro Carrasco was humble
too much he was
out of
the ordinary he was an outstanding
person he was a world champion It's that
everything caught him
strong strong strong I don't know if Antonio
David
will sue this whatever it is when he
finds it but
why is that man going to sue no
why is that man going to sue
Total that but the truth is that it is
quite strong that Juanca has uploaded
this I mean sincerely
when you
[Music]
when you have an
how I tell you this
[Music]
interview  You've probably spoken with
the interviewee more or less about what you're
going to talk about, what he
's going to tell you, to find out if you're interested in
the interview, no,
and Juanka puts up the photo of the pineapple, she
puts up a photo of the purple eyes.
So Pedro Carrasco was looking for him
to hit Antonio David, my goodness, what a
testimony.
[Music]